well Debbie
well the finish there oh I hope I hope
when you did that you made a wish this
is a good moment to welcome our fabulous
singers Davis and his wonderful
Orchestra and there we are that was a
wonderful start to the show thank you so
much okay James as well there now well
the hippy oh of course we have our
judges great River hordes Arlene
Phillips head judge me I do you love you
I know your names him judge named Bruno
Tonioli and now the judges take a lot of
stick at times but we must remember it's
a difficult job and there are very few
other people who could do it
and trust me we've looked believe me
every Monday I go find him anyway
Goodman what are we looking for in the
Joe everyone to say shout fast kicks and
flicks we want to see steps in hard
steps apart under I don't know why I'm
saying all this Gaby because you just
showed it is you're looking care
you
now what happened you just lost your
timing once here and once over there
otherwise it was right one money couple
a little yes well done and with that
dress you you win when you did that
quick thing with me it was like an
electric fan I could feel it in the back
there anyway a good ruler what did you
think Oh Gabby you got the party started
you really gave you know don't worry
about that next week you come out and
you'll hit it again exactly sadly one
timing issue but obviously you have been
training like a demon yes it was
Technica clean accurately placed I
thought all the flicks and kicks were
coming from exactly the right place and
cartwheeling splits I think you are a
star
we've been giving them any math you have
you bright okay Ally well some unite and
the fight is on
and you started it Gabby there was so
much content in that jive you look like
you Google Drive and press the key and
it just all went into you in one week
fabulously done it was a little sort of
rough in places but what we all loved it
what a start